This is a task on function, prototype, nested loops in C programming language.


Task 0 - Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.

Task 1 - Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
 
Task2 - Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.

Task 3 - rite a function that checks for lowercase character.

task 4 -  Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.

task 5 - Write a function that prints the sign of a number.

task 6 - Write aro  function that computes the absolute value of an integer.

task 7: Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.

task 8 - Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59

task 9 - Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.

task 10 - Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.

task 11 - Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

task 12 - Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.

task 13 - If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.

task 14 - Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.

task 15 - Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.

task 16 - Write a programhat finds and prints the first 98 Fibnacci to numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
